do you want some super simple tweaks to
your contact page to drive more leads
hey i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and host of the top 100 marketing
podcast business growth
show all right so today's episode is
going to be very short and snappy and
i'm going to share a bunch of
actionable tips that you can implement
from today to
help generate more opportunities more
inbound inquiries from your contact page
so let's jump straight in i'm going to
look at web choices
our site on the contact page right now
so my very first tip
is on both your mobile view which you
can get on chrome if you press
f12 and on your desktop view
if you make sure that your inquiry form
is above the fold
so before people need to scroll that
means they can see your inquiry form
straight away
on mobile and pc so they don't have to
faff around looking for
anything else secondly let's give them
the option
so for example on ours if you scroll
past the form we've got the option for
people to email here
or they can call or you might want to do
a live chat as well so p
give people the option not everyone
likes to fill out form some people want
to give you a phone call
some people won't want to email others
might want a live chat to give people
the option to get in touch with you
on their channel of choice next up
we want to tell people what they get um
by filling in this form so for example
our headline is
are you ready to go online drop us a
message today yours might be
fill out this form to request your demo
or book your tailored assessment or give
them a quick headline above your form
above your inquiry form of exactly what
they're gonna get um
now next up a lot of inquiry forms make
the mistake of being pretty much an
essay
so you're asking things like first name
surname address telephone number how
many employees do you have what's your
business name what's your business
address what's your number what's your
email
what's your inquiry today what's your
budget and
by the time someone's got to the end of
the form or they've got halfway through
reform they've got board
and they've they've left it to go to a
competitor that just makes the
experience a lot easier
so make sure your website form has got
the main pieces of
information you need but don't make it
too long as to put people off so for
example on ours we use name
email number we've got a drop down for
budget that helps us filter out smaller
opportunities that might not be a great
fit and then we've got a um
explanation why we ask for a budget and
then just a how can we help form
and then the submit button just after
the capture as capture is a great tip to
add on to query form that's about
c-a-p-t-c-h-a
there's a bunch of um free ones we use
recapture so you can filter out spam so
basically make her in query form short
and snappy but make sure you capture the
key bits of information you need
and don't put people off with a massive
long one um
next up instead of putting submit
as the button to click to submit your
inquiry actually use a descriptive call
to action to a descriptive cta
um so tell people exactly what they'll
get by giving you their information so
in our case we've we've got get your
free quote
you might want to put book my free
assessment now or if it's an ebook
download
download my five tips to achieve xyz um
or perhaps uh booking a call so book in
my call today so let people know exactly
what they're gonna get
and make that submit button a standout
color so we've chosen orange which is
different from the rest of your site so
use a nice color that stands out
that's different next up
some people may be a bit skeptical about
filling your form
so give them a bit of social proof give
them a bit of confidence and trust
that they're making the right decision
to inquire with you how can you do that
well in our case we've used a
one of our better client testimonials um
you might want to do a
next to your form or below your form you
might want to do a client testimonial
videos maybe a short
30 60 second video of a testimonial of a
client of
the problem they came to you with how
you help them what life is like now
and maybe you also want to add some
accreditations so we're trusted by these
businesses that we work with some nice
brands that's what we've done as well
below the form
so just layering that social proof just
to give people the confidence and making
the right decision
to fill in your inquiry form and finally
if i quickly
fill in this inquiry form
here on ours
once you have filled in that inquiry
form
we want a thank you page so rather than
just people
submitting the form and wondering if
they're actually going to get to speak
to you or not give them that confidence
have a really standout thank you page
how can you do this well you can say
look first of all thanks very much for
getting in touch looking forward to
speaking to you
if you can let them know the sales rep
that will be contacting them
let them know exactly how long it's
going to take so as you can see on ours
it says
sam or tom and we're both owners of web
choice will be in touch within 24 hours
and then give them the option if they
want to call you straight away give your
number there
we've we've chosen a funny funny gif so
leonardo dicaprio raising his glass
i think it's a cocktail glass it's a
funny gif um that people can see
with the thank you message and the uh
info about how quickly they'll be
contacted and give them some useful
resources so we've got some useful
videos on our youtube channel that they
can have a browser whilst we're waiting
for us to get in touch maybe you've got
a podcast maybe you've got some useful
articles
or something similar just so they can
learn a bit more about what you do
understand that you can help them and
again it all helps with that trust
building process
before so all these things can really
maximize your customers or prospective
customers confidence in you
before they even speak to yourself or
your sales team
and there we have it those are my top
tips to generate more inquiries through
your website
via your contact page hope you enjoyed
the episode
do hit that subscribe button and with
that i'll catch you
on the next episode